Project 4: Group Planning and Reflections Document
Due Friday, April 23, 2921, at 10:59p
Please submit one per group to the “Project 4 Reflections” assignment on Canvas


Names: Carson Saldanha, Charles Cao, Eric Tu, Sumedh Chilakamarri
EIDs: ccs3424, cbc2776, ekt452, ssc2536
Group Name: Shorty got a FAT Filesys
If I ran UT, I would: make transcripts free x2, remove the flag requirements x2


Link to your UTCS GitLab repository for this project:
https://gitlab.cs.utexas.edu/marauders/project-4-file-systems






How are you contacting each other?
We have a Discord server set up and have our phone numbers shared
with each other.






What tools are you using for remote collaboration?
We're using Discord for sharing any information as well as calling.
We're also using VS Code's Live Share extension for real-time
collaboration.







What are your goals for completing this project?
Our goals for this project are to use the knowledge that we learned about Pintos in the
previous three projects and apply it to this project. We also hope to get a greater
understanding of how file systems works within an operating systems environment. On a
grading standpoint, we also hope to be able to pass all of the test cases.








When did your group meet this week?
Thursday around 7pm







What is the current status of your project?
We mainly have just gone over the project page and planned out some parts
of our design, but we haven't begun implementing just yet.







What did your group do well this week?
I think we did a good job of meeting up and getting connected with one
another before starting the project. Good communication is essential
from the get-go, so we set up a Discord server to discuss the project.







What do your group not do well?
We started on the assignment a little late because we needed a few days
of rest after completing Project 3. Therefore, our time management was a
slightly hindered.







How could your group improve?
We will make sure to devote an adequate amount of time to the project over the
weekend and over the course of next week to get up to pace.







How well did your group communicate?  Describe any problems and potential solutions.
Communication as a group has gone smoothly. We've responded to messages in a timely manner.
We haven't really notice any major problems with our communication. Overall, it's been pretty good.







How well did your group share programming time and collaborate on the design?  Describe any problems and potential solutions.
We think design ideas and implementations were split evenly among the group members
without any problems.







What are your next steps?
Our next steps are to meet more regularly in order to implement the groundwork of the
project, like our data structures. We also plan on looking for more information
about file system concepts from any lectures as well as make more use of Piazza if we
hit any roadblocks.







When are you meeting next week?
Saturday around 2pm
Sunday around 8pm
Monday around 8pm
